docs: [LangGraph Server Changelog Bot] Changelog updates for new version(s) (#369)
langchain-ai/docs: src/langgraph-platform/langgraph-server-changelog.mdx

[LangGraph Server](/langgraph-platform/langgraph-server) is an API platform for creating and managing agent-based applications. It provides built-in persistence, a task queue, and supports deploying, configuring, and running assistants (agentic workflows) at scale. This changelog documents all notable updates, features, and fixes to LangGraph Server releases.

<a id="2025-09-04"></a>
## v0.4.10

> - Set thread state using a JSON-like final checkpoint for improved data recovery.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In distributed runtime, update serde logic for final checkpoint -> thread setting. 
```
